Anybody who tells me they started an
exercise program and then I hear they've
got like a long commute to the gym or
you know, they got to like
check with their wife first before they
head to the gym. It's like, "Oh, that's
going to fail."
>> [music]
[music]
>> Hi, my name is John Jaquish. I'm a
doctor of biomedical engineering, which
gives me a unique perspective beyond
what a lot of influencers have who have
a sports performance background. Today,
I want to talk about the fit lifestyle.
So, there's a lot going in to being fit
other than just you know, you lift
weights and you eat right. Like, you
have to arrange your entire life
around having that be a regular
part of it. So, like
anybody who tells me they started an
exercise program
and then I hear they've got like a long
commute to the gym or
you know, they got to like
check with their wife first before they
head to the gym. It's like, "Oh,
that's going to fail." Like
you need to first
look at the landscape of your life
and figure out by looking at that
how you're going to fit stuff in
you know, your workouts and your
nutrition
that will have the least amount of
friction. The least amount of friction
with your romantic relationships,
friendships, work
kids, the dog, like all of that stuff.
You need to be able to get it done. And
there's an expression I I threw out over
the weekend. I was having dinner with my
buddy Akash. I said, uh, "Hey, if you're
a seal, your breathing matches the
waves." So, if you're watching a seal,
you know, the wave comes over them, they
just hold their breath every time the
wave comes over them. So, it's like you
need to be a master of your environment.
You need to look at the landscape and
say, "Okay, if I work out in the morning
on this day, this day, and this day,
probably
nothing will get in my way. And if it
does, I'll be able to take care of it
and get you know, get the workouts
done." Then when it comes to nutrition,
I've done videos before on
you want to eat the same thing every
day. It doesn't mean you have to eat the
same thing every day, but you want to
leave the option open
for certain days where you can just, you
know, whether it's going to be like six
eggs and a pound of ground beef or
something like that.
Always have that. Because that way that
becomes your nutrition. You know what
all the macros are and that it meets up
with all your requirements. You get the
right amount of fats. You get the right
amount of protein. So, you want to make
it so that the chances of screwing it up
are very low when it comes to your
behavior and willpower. And other people
can't screw it up either because other
people love to screw up your workout. I
mean, they're just trying to get you to
do their stuff. Like it doesn't mean
there's a conspiracy. But,
ultimately you just have to figure out
to how to be like the seal. You know,
when you're a seal, your breathing
matches the waves. So, that's the
mindset you have to have. And I think
that mindset is as invincible as
possible and will have you most
consistent. And of course, you'll hear
every
athlete say consistency is the most
important thing. Because like if you end
up skipping a week of working out, well,
you know, now now you're now you got a
setback. So, that's the kind of thing
you need to focus on. Oh, also got a
question about Tiki Man.
So, somebody was asking so the tradition
is we steal this my fraternity We all
steal this from each other. And
obviously the alumni are still involved
because I'm long graduated and I'm still
stealing Tiki Man. And yes, we actually
break into each other's homes to steal
Tiki Man. And no, my wife is not happy
about this and coincidentally no wives
are happy about the idea that we all
break into each other's homes, but you
know, when when somebody says, wait, so
there's like a thousand people who have
been in your fraternity since the 1960s
and they're they all basically just have
the right to break in and steal this and
I'm like, yeah, but they're all like
friends. I don't know. My wife was not
impressed. I think it's cool. I hope all
this information helped. Leave me a
comment and I'll answer any questions
you have. [music] Thank you. If this
video helped you, I want you to
subscribe and follow. I'm going to put
out videos on a regular basis. I think
they're going to help a whole lot of
people, especially if you're one of
those people that doesn't just instantly
grow from lifting regular weights.
We've got the answer for you.
>> [music]